Hi everyone.
So we have seen how to filter the data based on on one condition or based on the medical condition.
Now let's see some more filtering matters available in the lead frame object.
So we are going to use the same data frame object.
Let me just display for speed records.
OK now let's say our condition to filter the data may be something like.
Let's concentrate on.
I would say education let's say.
So let's see how many unique values out there in the education column.
So I'm going to use this unique matter education.
It will return a C.D. object.
And on top of that we are going to supply a unique network.
And it will return home a unique value that any education.
OK.
So we have total either nominee total but somewhere around 10 to 15 unique values that are valuable
in education.
So now let's say our requirement is we want to try all those records which is having our education column.
Either it will be a 11th grade or it be a masters or let's say it will be a 12th grade.
So either it will be a 11th grade it will be 12th grade or it will be a master.
So how we can approach this problem.
So one thing we can do it like we can create a three different condition.
So say maybe you created earlier and we can combine all those condition with help of putting a patient
so let's say we'll create one condition like a common one.
And I'm just going to use later this year for education and I will gesticulating Victor this 11.
Now I have one space also available here.
So this type of people accessing data leading has to be done before applying such a kind of operation
to get some insight from your data.
OK.
So this is one condition.
Let me just copy as well like Id gone to let's say on three and eleven and then there is a great great
answer.
And one is like a master.
OK no I have to execute.
So now we've got a three condition.
I can simply combine this conditions like a common one and then type symbol.
This is for the order operation gone by symbol and country.
Now you can see whatever the result of V O God where education column which is having only these three
value only either Lindsay Lohan master level and delivery master and then view in God is any thing like
a twelve.
Yeah.
At the end of this day I said we are got.
So apart from that all other values got freedom.
But let's say you want to grab some more few values apart from this master let's say associated academic
or associated VOC or so you want to reflect.
So you have to keep creating such a kind of condition.
But this insane matter what I just highlighted here at the starting of this video which gives the easy
solution for it.
So what we can do we can apply this easing on the top of this education column.
Easy.
Oh sorry.
So this is the easy.
Now inside that I can parse all those list of value what I want to try.
So I hope to reclaim the three values.
So the first one is like a lemon.
And then that is a much.
OK.
So what it will do it will return only those that is a variable education column.
It will find either one of three values so what it will return.
It will return only to its record in which it will find out in a column particularly in education column
having a value either element or request or a master.
So we search for that particular column education and if variable it finds that either one of these
three value either one of the three values from this particular list it will return only to slacker.
So let me just executed so it has written only falls through.
Now I can just grab this thing as a condition in a bracket notation of this layer object.
So now you can see education is having a lemon M. the same data frame you got to try.
So the beauty here is that instead of creating precondition and putting auditing across all three conditions
we can just simply use like our ease in matter and supply all those will do for that particular column
which we want to right.
So it will just return only true and false.
And we can just make it condition and supply to the of object.
OK so that is about the in matter.
Let's see in the next video some more filtering matters.